6 slices bacon 
5 eggs 
1/2 cup milk 
2 cups frozen hash brown potatoes thawed 
1/3 cup chopped green onions 
1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, divided


Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble, and set aside.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 7x11 inch baking dish.
In a large bowl, beat together the eggs and milk. Stir in the bacon, hash browns, green onions, and 1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese. Pour into the prepared baking dish.
Bake in the preheated oven 25 to 35 minutes, or until a knife inserted in the center comes out clean. Sprinkle the remaining Cheddar cheese on top, and continue baking for 3 to 4 minutes, or until the cheese is melted. Remove from oven, and let sit 5 minutes before serving.

http://allrecipes.com/recipe/20917/egg-and-hash-brown-pie/?clickId=right%20rail%201&internalSource=rr_feed_recipe&referringId=20917&referringContentType=recipe


Think pie pan would cook it more evenly.
Butter greasing worked well
2/3rds the potato
Asparagus and chicken sausage inside
pure cheddar cheese.
little bit of pre-ground pepper inside.


Filling combos

Asparagas Cheddar
 2 green onions diced
 8 asaparagas stalks chopped into small pieces (style depends on thickness)
 1 1/2 cups cheddar, (mix sharp with mild)
 2 cups hash browns
 2 chicken sausage links chopped into round halves and toasted in toasted oven or frying pan


 Broccoli Jack Ham
 6 slices black forest ham cut into chunks
 1 1/2 cups monterey jack
 8 brocolli pieces cut into small chunks
 2 green onions diced
  2 cups hash browns




 Notes: pie pans had plenty of room with 5 eggs, could increase eggs and toppings, eggs to 6, toppings a little more? Bigger means more food!


 From recipe comments: This recipe is wonderful, but you can take it to another level by increasing ingredients and cooking it in your crockpot over night. Increase potatoes to 32oz bag (cubed hashbrowns), 12 eggs, 3 cups shredded cheese, 1 cup milk, 1/2 cup chopped onion, 1/2 cup chopped green pepper and 1 cup or more of ham, sausage, bacon, canadian bacon, any combination you want. Cook in your slow cooker for 10 to 12 hours. You can add just about anything to this recipe and it is done when you wake up in the morning. The Smart Crockpot cooks too hot, so if using this cooker, reduce cooking time.

 Cook until center is 165 - 185, don't want to exceed 185.


 Result:
 Overcooked them a bit. Green onion tasted off compared to veggies, wondering if it should be blanched too.
 Broccoli Jack Ham was the clear favorite.
 Gave me a tummy ache though. Maybe I need to eat some toast with it? Or reduce that fat somehow? IDK.
 Increase hash browns back to 3 cups. Makes it nice and filling and not too greasy.
 Try regular onion instead of green?